irl/meta/spirituality/holy-texts/new.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: New-Religious Movements and New-Age Traditions | Holy Texts
---

# New-Religious Movements and New-Age Traditions

## Aretéanism - [official website](https://www.areteanism.org/)
- [What is Aretéanism?](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/56d3f47162cd9444cfd30870/t/641cea64ac9fb5486d2e9c86/1679616614908/What_is_Areteanism_v3.pdf)

## Astronism - [official website](https://www.astronism.com/)
- [The Omnidoxy](ttps://philpapers.org/archive/COMTO.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [Astronism: the religion of the stars ](ttps://www.astronism.com/_files/ugd/86ca95_4c44284b679c4d85bb49bb811a794534.pdf?index=true)
- [The Astronist Statement](ttps://www.astronism.com/_files/ugd/86ca95_0b4064b15b7649e09cb0244061b88ca2.pdf?index=true)

## Aue - [official website](https://aue-religion.org/)
- [Aue](https://aue-religion.org/)

## Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster - [official website](https://www.spaghettimonster.org/)
- [The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster](https://observationofalostsoul.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/the-gospel-of-the-flying-spaghetti-monster.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [Loose Canon](https://www.loose-canon.info/Loose-Canon-1st-Ed.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [The Official Pastafarian Prayer Book](https://www.loose-canon.info/page53.htm)

## Church of Nebula - [official website](https://nebula.church/)
- [The Book of Zella](https://nebula.church/resources/books/The_Book_of_Zella_Original_Manuscript.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [Zella's Quotes](https://nebula.church/resources/books/Zella-Quotes.pdf)

## Church of the SubGenius - [official website](https://www.subgenius.com/)
- [The Book of the SubGenius](https://www.scribd.com/doc/87027918/Book-of-the-Subgenius) (primary scripture)
- [The Church of the SubGenius](https://sacred-texts.com/eso/bob/subman.htm)
- [The Church of The SubGenius: Beer-Bust of The Gods](https://www.scribd.com/document/33675087/The-Church-of-the-SubGenius-Beer-Bust-of-the-Gods)

## Discord

## Dudeism
- [The Tao of the Dude](https://mega.nz/file/aN0nlYhJ#9vnifzUPPk8OlWmOZbbu-jr1yOJPn_9zcwBZaN6hz1Q)
- [Dudeist Library](https://dudeism.com/library/)
- [Dudeist Manifesto](https://dudeism.com/takeiteasymanifesto/)

## Eightvolumism
- [The Eight Volumes](https://editor.reedsy.com/s/VmM3Cxr/c/Zf3Wqu_S9n-F28-j/the-eight-volumes)

## Exalia
## Flawlessism

## Jedi Order
- [Jedi Doctrine](https://www.templeofthejediorder.org/index.php/doctrine)

## Kopimism
- [About Kopimism](https://kopimistsamfundetus.wordpress.com/about/)

## Law of One
- [The Ra Material](https://www.lawofone.info/)

## Way of the Future
- [About Way of the Future](https://old.reddit.com/r/Wayofthefuture/comments/i1t3hv/wotf_an_introduction/)

## Raëlism
- [Intelligent Design](https://www.rael.org/eb/intelligent_design_en/)

## Santa Muerte
## Starseeds

## Theosophy
- [Isis Unveiled](https://sacred-texts.com/the/iu/index.htm) (primary scripture)
- [The Secret Doctrine](https://sacred-texts.com/the/sd/index.htm)
- [Theosophy](https://sacred-texts.com/eso/theo/index.htm)

## Yoism

Commit message:

add dudeist website
add the tao te ching commentated by oliver benjamin
add the dude de ching

irl/meta/spirituality/holy-texts/new.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: New-Religious Movements and New-Age Traditions | Holy Texts
---

# New-Religious Movements and New-Age Traditions

## Aretéanism - [official website](https://www.areteanism.org/)
- [What is Aretéanism?](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/56d3f47162cd9444cfd30870/t/641cea64ac9fb5486d2e9c86/1679616614908/What_is_Areteanism_v3.pdf)

## Astronism - [official website](https://www.astronism.com/)
- [The Omnidoxy](ttps://philpapers.org/archive/COMTO.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [Astronism: the religion of the stars ](ttps://www.astronism.com/_files/ugd/86ca95_4c44284b679c4d85bb49bb811a794534.pdf?index=true)
- [The Astronist Statement](ttps://www.astronism.com/_files/ugd/86ca95_0b4064b15b7649e09cb0244061b88ca2.pdf?index=true)

## Aue - [official website](https://aue-religion.org/)
- [Aue](https://aue-religion.org/)

## Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster - [official website](https://www.spaghettimonster.org/)
- [The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster](https://observationofalostsoul.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/the-gospel-of-the-flying-spaghetti-monster.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [Loose Canon](https://www.loose-canon.info/Loose-Canon-1st-Ed.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [The Official Pastafarian Prayer Book](https://www.loose-canon.info/page53.htm)

## Church of Nebula - [official website](https://nebula.church/)
- [The Book of Zella](https://nebula.church/resources/books/The_Book_of_Zella_Original_Manuscript.pdf) (primary scripture)
- [Zella's Quotes](https://nebula.church/resources/books/Zella-Quotes.pdf)

## Church of the SubGenius - [official website](https://www.subgenius.com/)
- [The Book of the SubGenius](https://www.scribd.com/doc/87027918/Book-of-the-Subgenius) (primary scripture)
- [The Church of the SubGenius](https://sacred-texts.com/eso/bob/subman.htm)
- [The Church of The SubGenius: Beer-Bust of The Gods](https://www.scribd.com/document/33675087/The-Church-of-the-SubGenius-Beer-Bust-of-the-Gods)

## Discord

## Dudeism - [official website](https://dudeism.com/)
- [The Tao Te Ching - commentary by Oliver Benjamin](https://daoism.org/the-tao-te-ching/) (primary scripture)
- [The Tao of the Dude](https://mega.nz/file/aN0nlYhJ#9vnifzUPPk8OlWmOZbbu-jr1yOJPn_9zcwBZaN6hz1Q) (primary scripture)
- [The Dude de Ching](https://mega.nz/file/TI8m0YyQ#cZfZL2rJ4XEh3fPLaBRr3fX9qIUpyfjX1_MMfFjnUoY) (primary scripture)
- [Dudeist Library](https://dudeism.com/library/)
- [Dudeist Manifesto](https://dudeism.com/takeiteasymanifesto/)

## Eightvolumism
- [The Eight Volumes](https://editor.reedsy.com/s/VmM3Cxr/c/Zf3Wqu_S9n-F28-j/the-eight-volumes)

## Exalia
## Flawlessism

## Jedi Order
- [Jedi Doctrine](https://www.templeofthejediorder.org/index.php/doctrine)

## Kopimism
- [About Kopimism](https://kopimistsamfundetus.wordpress.com/about/)

## Law of One
- [The Ra Material](https://www.lawofone.info/)

## Way of the Future
- [About Way of the Future](https://old.reddit.com/r/Wayofthefuture/comments/i1t3hv/wotf_an_introduction/)

## Raëlism
- [Intelligent Design](https://www.rael.org/eb/intelligent_design_en/)

## Santa Muerte
## Starseeds

## Theosophy
- [Isis Unveiled](https://sacred-texts.com/the/iu/index.htm) (primary scripture)
- [The Secret Doctrine](https://sacred-texts.com/the/sd/index.htm)
- [Theosophy](https://sacred-texts.com/eso/theo/index.htm)

## Yoism
